com/elikill58/api/ActionBar.java
 com.elikill58.api.ActionBar
com/elikill58/api/game/Game.java
 com.elikill58.api.game.Game
com/elikill58/api/Messages.java
 com.elikill58.api.Messages
com/elikill58/api/data/hook/FileData.java
 com.elikill58.api.data.hook.FileData
com/elikill58/api/scoreboard/VObjective.java
 com.elikill58.api.scoreboard.VObjective
 com.elikill58.api.scoreboard.VObjective$ObjectiveLocation
 com.elikill58.api.scoreboard.VObjective$RawObjective
 com.elikill58.api.scoreboard.VObjective$VScore
com/elikill58/api/game/GameProvider.java
 com.elikill58.api.game.GameProvider
com/elikill58/api/data/AbstractData.java
 com.elikill58.api.data.AbstractData
com/elikill58/api/scoreboard/ScoreboardManager.java
 com.elikill58.api.scoreboard.ScoreboardManager
com/elikill58/api/scoreboard/PersonalScoreboard.java
 com.elikill58.api.scoreboard.PersonalScoreboard
com/elikill58/api/scoreboard/Reflection.java
 com.elikill58.api.scoreboard.Reflection
 com.elikill58.api.scoreboard.Reflection$DataType
 com.elikill58.api.scoreboard.Reflection$PackageType
com/elikill58/api/UniversalUtils.java
 com.elikill58.api.UniversalUtils
 com.elikill58.api.UniversalUtils$OS
com/elikill58/api/game/GameProperties.java
 com.elikill58.api.game.GameProperties
com/elikill58/api/ClickableText1_13.java
 com.elikill58.api.ClickableText1_13
com/elikill58/api/game/Listeners.java
 com.elikill58.api.game.Listeners
com/elikill58/api/utils/PlayerUtils.java
 com.elikill58.api.utils.PlayerUtils
com/elikill58/api/utils/Utils.java
 com.elikill58.api.utils.Utils
com/elikill58/api/data/hook/DatabaseData.java
 com.elikill58.api.data.hook.DatabaseData
com/elikill58/api/utils/FileUtils.java
 com.elikill58.api.utils.FileUtils
com/elikill58/api/data/DataManager.java
 com.elikill58.api.data.DataManager
com/elikill58/api/utils/ItemUtils.java
 com.elikill58.api.utils.ItemUtils
com/elikill58/api/Timer.java
 com.elikill58.api.Timer
 com.elikill58.api.Timer$Builder
com/elikill58/api/scoreboard/ObjectiveSign.java
 com.elikill58.api.scoreboard.ObjectiveSign
com/elikill58/api/builders/ItemStackBuilder.java
 com.elikill58.api.builders.ItemStackBuilder
com/elikill58/api/utils/PacketUtils.java
 com.elikill58.api.utils.PacketUtils
com/elikill58/api/game/Booster.java
 com.elikill58.api.game.Booster
com/elikill58/api/Version.java
 com.elikill58.api.Version
com/elikill58/api/game/phase/PhaseRegistry.java
 com.elikill58.api.game.phase.PhaseRegistry
com/elikill58/api/data/Data.java
 com.elikill58.api.data.Data
com/elikill58/api/ClickableText.java
 com.elikill58.api.ClickableText
 com.elikill58.api.ClickableText$Action
 com.elikill58.api.ClickableText$MessageComponent
com/elikill58/api/PlayerData.java
 com.elikill58.api.PlayerData
com/elikill58/api/game/GameAPI.java
 com.elikill58.api.game.GameAPI
com/elikill58/api/game/phase/Phase.java
 com.elikill58.api.game.phase.Phase
